fix: update readme (#91)
pepperize/cdk-organizations: README.md

### Delegated Administrator

> A compatible AWS service can register an AWS member account in the organization as an administrator for the organization's accounts in that service, using `delegateAdministrator` on your account:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A compatible AWS service (trusted service) can register an AWS member account in the organization as an administrator in the organization on your behalf. To enable an AWS account as administrator of that trusted  in your organization call `delegateAdministrator` on your account:
```

account.delegateAdministrator("stacksets.amazonaws.com");
```

- [AWS services that support Delegated Administrator](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/organizations/latest/userguide/orgs_integrate_services_list.html)

> - To be able to use Delegated Administrator, your organization must have all [all features](https://github.com/pepperize/cdk-organizations/blob/main/API.md#@pepperize/cdk-organizations.FeatureSet) enabled.
> - You must have enabled trusted access for Management Account in your organization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- To be able to use Delegated Administrator, your organization must have all [all features](https://github.com/pepperize/cdk-organizations/blob/main/API.md#@pepperize/cdk-organizations.FeatureSet) enabled.
```

Author: I'd haven't deleted the line You must have enabled trusted access for Management Account in your organization.https://docs.aws.amazon.com/accounts/latest/reference/using-orgs-delegated-admin.html

Reviewer: Explain how to enable access for account management, i.e.:

> You must have enabled trusted access for Management Account in your organization: 
>  ```typescript
>  organization.enableAwsServiceAccess("account.amazonaws.com")
>  ```
>  See [Enable trusted access](https://github.com/pepperize/cdk-organizations#enable-an-aws-service-trusted-service)
